**Page : [Classroom of the Elite LightNovel Việt Nam](http://facebook.com/Classroom.of.the.Elite.VN)👈**

[ĐÁNH GIÁ CHẤT LƯỢNG & GÓP Ý](https://bit.ly/danhgiagopy) 👈

**Volume 2-5 Prologue**

Translation: botman

TLC/proofread: PuddingTC

**Prologue: The Monologue of Sae Chabashira**

After I became a teacher… No, even before I became a teacher, I’ve had this matter that I couldn’t tell anyone. 

It was a certain nightmare that kept on repeating itself.

The unforgettable events of that day repeatedly played out in my dreams.

These unpredictable nightmares distort every time they hit me. My perspective, other people’s perspectives, dialogue, and actions. All of these aspects change every time. 

But there was always one thing that stayed the same.

No matter how many times it played out, the ending was always the same. 

…During that time, our Class B had no fear. 

Our momentum overwhelmed the other classes, and Class A was well within our reach. 

But of course, the path was not a smooth one. 

Before we became 3rd years, the number of students in our class decreased by 6. 

Nevertheless, after becoming 3rd years, we continued to accumulate class points without losing anybody. 

I was convinced that we would not lose anybody else and graduate together in Class A. 

Until that day, that time—.

It was the end of the third semester, with final exams approaching. This was the last chance for us to overtake Class A. 

Our homeroom teacher showed up with a serious expression, announcing that a new special exam was coming.

We did not fear this special exam in the slightest. 

The rules were simple and straightforward, and we predicted that we could easily pass. 

However, that optimistic attitude lasted only until that motion was raised.

The scene switches, and I am currently screaming at the top of my lungs in my class.

My best friend, Chie, approaches me with an angry expression on her face, grabbing me by my collar.

A miserable wail.

The class, which had been united as one, fell apart instantly. 

Forget it.

He mumbled this with an expression of abandonment and resignation.

But I could not make up my mind. 

I could never come to that understanding. 

For 3 years, he was a friend with whom I shared both sorrow and joy, someone who wasn’t an insignificant presence to me. 

An irreplaceable classmate, an irreplaceable friend. 

Irreplaceable— Someone of the opposite sex, someone important to me. 

Although he was somewhat frivolous, he was earnest and gentle, more reliable than anybody else. 

He showed me an expression that I had never seen before. 

As if a bit shy, he extended his hand towards me underneath the evening sky. 

I held back my tears that were about to flow and said.

“Please take care of me…”

The relationship between the two of us came to an end at the same time as it began.
